Fix persisted name object links (#1385)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.8.1-SNAPSHOT (YYYY-MM-DD)

### Breaking Changes
* None.

### Enhancements
* None.

### Fixed

> * Objects that were renamed using `@PersistedName` couldn't be linked. (Issue [#1377](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1377))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Objects that were renamed using `@PersistedName` couldn't be referenced as a direct link in a model class. (Issue [#1377](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1377))
```
